How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  It brought up the lines that are changed which made it much easier to identify
  differences

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

  It allows you to compare different versions of the files

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Because with google docs it automatically saves a lot of different versions
     that you might not want. With manually saving, you can save at logical
     checkpoints that you'd want to reference

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Google Docs saves automatically and doesn't allow you to choose what
    you save. Therefore it would not know what multiple files to save.
    Additionally you can save related files together. This is important because
    critical changes in one file could require a change in another file and you
    can just save those

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

      Git log shows you a history of all the commits that have been saved in
      the history of the files. Git diff allows you to compare two different
      files by entering git diff followed by two unique commit IDs

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because you know that you can just save a commit with the version of the
    code before the change and then use git checkout to revert the file to the
    state in which it was before the change should the change go wrong

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use git and version control throughout all of my projects in this
    class so it is easier for me to track my progress and make big changes
    without being too worried about the consequences.
